ssl cert details for 4.1 2024.02.07 release (#230)
KxSystems/docs: docs/kb/ssl.md

All keys except `SSLEAY_VERSION` in the result from `(-26!)[]` are initialized from environment variables.

> The environment variable `SSL_VERIFY_CLIENT` controls the processing of certificates from a client, and uses the certificates from `SSL_CA_CERT_FILE` or `SSL_CA_CERT_PATH` to verify the client’s certificate. Can be set to one of the following values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable `SSL_VERIFY_CLIENT` controls the processing of certificates from a client, and uses the certificates from `SSL_CA_CERT_FILE` or `SSL_CA_CERT_PATH` to verify the client’s certificate. Can be set to one of the following values:
```

-   `NO` (default) kdb+ does not request nor validate the certificate from a client

> -   `YES` server requests a client certificate and disconnect client if provided certificate is missing or invalid
> -   `REQUESTONLY` (since 4.1t 2024.02.07) server requests a client certificate but allows the connection if the client certificate is missing or invalid
> -   `IFPRESENT` (since 4.1t 2024.02.07) server requests a client certificate and terminates the connection if an invalid certificate is provided, continues if it is missing or valid

Reviewer: is the IFPRESENT definition correct? The server continues if the cert is missing?

```suggestion
-   `YES` server requests a client certificate and disconnects the client if the provided certificate is missing or invalid
-   `REQUESTONLY` (since 4.1t 2024.02.07) server requests a client certificate but allows the connection if the client certificate is missing or invalid
-   `IFPRESENT` (since 4.1t 2024.02.07) server requests a client certificate and terminates the connection if an invalid certificate is provided; the server continues if the certificate is missing or valid
```

Author: yes
